applications: serial_lte_modem: implement rebootless modem FOTA (#11757)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

nRF9160: Serial LTE modem
-------------------------

* Added:

  * ``#XMODEMRESET`` AT command to reset the modem while keeping the application running.

>     It is expected to be used during modem firmware update as it now only requires a reset of the modem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    It is expected to be used during modem firmware update, which now only requires a reset of the modem.
```

* Updated:

  * The configuration to enable support for nRF Cloud A-GPS service and nRF Cloud Location service by default.
  * UART receive refactored to utilize hardware flow control (HWFC) instead of disabling and enabling UART receiving between commands.
  * UART transmit has been refactored to utilize buffering.
    Multiple responses can now be received in a single transmission.

>   * Modem FOTA to only need a modem reset to apply the firmware update. The full chip reset (via ``#XRESET`` AT command) remains supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Modem FOTA to only need a modem reset to apply the firmware update.
    The full chip reset (using the ``#XRESET`` AT command) remains supported.
```

* Removed:

  * DFU AT commands ``#XDFUGET``, ``#XDFUSIZE`` and ``#XDFURUN`` because they were not usable without a custom application in the target (nRF52 series) device.
  * Support for bootloader FOTA update because it is not needed for Serial LTE modem.
  * Option to set or get HWFC setting from ``#XSLMUART`` AT command.

>   * Operations to read/erase the MCUboot secondary slot from the ``#XFOTA`` AT command because
>     they didn't bring value as the application update process overwrites the slot in any case.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Operations to read or erase the MCUboot secondary slot from the ``#XFOTA`` AT command because the application update process overwrites the slot regardless.
```
I think that's easier to read while not losing necessary information.
